[Music]
this is the Lindy Hop Athan the Lindy
Hop is a fusion of different styles
mainly jazz tap and the Charleston and
just like those dances it's a feat
unpredictable and hugely entertaining so
how is our Lindy Hop Athan going to work
before the dance all competing couples
will draw their starting floor positions
out of a hat rule number one all couples
must remain on the floor and dance for
the entire duration of the song rule
number two in this dance lips and tricks
are allowed oh yes rule number three any
couples that cause a collision on the
floor will be penalized you have been
warned
as judges we will want to see that all
couples can demonstrate correct Lindy
Hop technique I will be particularly
looking for clinging connections
synchronized footwork and precise
timings at the end of the dance
the couple placing first will receive a
score of 7 marvelous
the couple placing 7 will receive one
who the Lindy Hop Athan scores will be
added to the couple's scores for their
individual dances to create a brand new
total which could well and truly change
the look of the leaderboard let's do
this whoever comes first in the Lindy
Hop Athan will get an extra seven marks
whoever comes second will get an extra
six marks and so on and the bottom
couple will receive just one extra mark
those marks will be added to their
existing scores
so while we wait for our couples to get
changed let's have a little chat to the
judges Craig with so many people on the
dance floor like literally nine hundred
of them what can they do to stand out
don't crush another I think that's the
important thing the flan craft darling
primarily because they're all dancing
together this is quite a wild dance and
there can be lips in it of course so
you've got to watch out that someone's
leg doesn't hit the next person's head
for instance be bold be brave sparkle
and shine darling I suppose you know
really try and make yourself stand out
thank you Bruno
oh geez now the wait is finally over
ladies and gentlemen it's time for the
Lindy Hop Athan to commit us
so the floor for the Lindy Hop
[Applause]
[Music]
that was fantastic thank you very much
[Applause]
oh my god so exciting because it's the
first time we've seen them all
dancing at the tate at the same time and
it's good to compare the different
attitude styles energy overall they did
very very very well nobody crashed into
each other no accidents they all carried
on beautifully is very very hard to make
a decision because not just the data
stream was very good but actually they
managed to imbue them so their own
personalities so it is very very tough
but we try to do our best we'll see very
difficult very different you've ever
grabs for the winning couple which means
this could turn the leaderboard on its
head so surely starting with a seventh
place an amazing performance and thank
you all for that
I've conferred with my fellow
adjudicators and we've lost the board
but anyway aren't you good and instead
of getting seven points will be Ashley
well done
[Applause]
because all those I apologize the board
when to have to go with the peace of
place just to sound sorry
thank you the autumn/winter okay that's
all right in seventh place please
seventh place is Lauren and aging is
frame and ot is Charles and Diane
[Applause]
it's a fourth-place sorry means
Charles and Karis into fourth place is
Stacey and Kevin place is Joe and Diana
it's faith and Giovanni's
we've got the wrong one
I'm only reading off the board it's
Ashley
[Applause]
sorry I'm so sorry just just to recap in
seventh place with Graham six seven and
eight
finally Jake okay sixth place is grave
place with Lauren six place is Graham
fifth is Charles fourth Stacey third Joe
second faith first Ashley
so Ashley and Pasha came first and have
an extra seven marks congratulations to
you both
Ajay you finish last and received just
one extra mark Darcy tell us why is our
winning couple deserve the top spot I
think you know for the amount of energy
the amount of technique and ability from
beginning to end was extraordinary and
it was just a unique lifts as well I
mean overall it was stunning to watch I
mean it was difficult for us as you
could tell and I think the top five it
was really difficult to make that choice
thank you so much the judges on all
levels it's fine all right let's have a
look at how those results
[Music]
you
[Applause]